huge hello to all my viewers and in
I will show you how to make this video here
so cool
the sides and very simple without ironing i'm about
call ikea only with the help of henchmen
means that we need a comb
mousse to curls longer
there were some shreds of cloth
I took the usual day further determined
a first parting moisten first and muse
strand something I stopped we take our
strand and make of it zagogulin
then we take a vit and start
wind this strand on the bandage roughly
saying just around its axis so that
troubles was in the middle of the action I take one
jock
a miracle here to us from the corner
know how the main thing is going to not
was torn
I did not go by the way even if you have hair
absolutely dry mustache quite strongly
wetted by and large can
extra them and not wet
in such a form is good to open the door
stranger i think they won't take a chance and
in the morning will be the second copy try
make out this maze
find the right milk tip in the bowels
left here are such a squiggle we
got all these pretzels i will
shoot am morning now come 9
hours and we remove the screws
framework
and that's what happened with me
stabbed these upper strands behind
barrette to keep them
rest
and this part of the hair did not fall forward
and did not bother me to eat and read
greet people hair prices look
much more volumetric that's all i'm
I wanted to show you all bye
what
this is not what is shit
how the whole
damn take shorter rope length
how is it possible what is it
priests priests something
double-ku where the collapse Well I kind of already
not fussy i wanna sleep no
maybe just somehow
gull